[TP147315] - Use updated instructions for push setup and tracking. (#38)
klaviyo/klaviyo-swift-sdk: README.md

    Klaviyo.sharedInstance.setUpUserEmail(userEmail: "john.smith@example.com")
```
## Sending Push Notifications

> To be able to send push notifications, you must add few snippets of code to your application. One to register users for push notifications, and one that will send Klaviyo their tokens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to send push notifications, you must add a few snippets of code to your application. One to register users for push notifications, one that will send Klaviyo their tokens, and one to something something...
```

Author: ```suggestion
To be able to send push notifications, you must add a few snippets of code to your application. One to register users for push notifications, one that will send resulting push tokens to Klaviyo, and one final optional snippet so that notifications show up when the app is foregrounded.
```

> To be able to send push notifications, you must add a few snippets of code to your application. One to register users for push notifications, one that will send resulting push tokens to Klaviyo, and some final snippets to handle when user's attempt to open your push notifications.

Author: ```suggestion
To be able to send push notifications, you must add a few snippets of code to your application. One to register users for push notifications, one that will send resulting push tokens to Klaviyo, and some final snippets to handle when users attempt to open your push notifications.
```

> To be able to send push notifications, you must add a few snippets of code to your application. One to register users for push notifications, one that will send resulting push tokens to Klaviyo, and some final snippets to handle when user's attempt to open your push notifications.

Reviewer 2: Yeah all good!

> To be able to send push notifications, you must add a few snippets of code to your application. One to register users for push notifications, one that will send resulting push tokens to Klaviyo, and one final optional snippet so that notifications show up when the app is foregrounded.

Author: ```suggestion
To be able to send push notifications, you must add a few snippets of code to your application. One to register users for push notifications, one that will send resulting push tokens to Klaviyo, and some final snippets to handle when user's attempt to open your push notifications.
```

Reviewer 3: Looks good!

If you would like to track when a user opens a push notification then there is a little more code that you will need to add to your application.

In your application delegate, under `application(_:didReceiveRemoteNotification:fetchCompletionHandler:)` add the following:

```swift 

>     Klaviyo.sharedInstance.handlePush(userInfo: data as NSDictionary)

Author: ```suggestion
        Klaviyo.sharedInstance.handlePush(userInfo: userInfo as NSDictionary)
```

    completionHandler(.noData)
```

In addition please add the following code that extends your app delegate:

```swift
    extension AppDelegate: UNUserNotificationCenterDelegate {
        func userNotificationCenter(_ center: UNUserNotificationCenter, didReceive response: UNNotificationResponse, withCompletionHandler completionHandler: @escaping () -> Void) {
            Klaviyo.sharedInstance.handlePush(userInfo: response.notification.request.content.userInfo as NSDictionary)
            completionHandler()
        }
    }
    
```

That is all you need to do to track opens. Now once your first push notifications have been sent and been opened, you should start to see `Opened Push` metrics within your Klaviyo dashboard.

## [OPTIONAL] Foreground Push Handling

> The code below will enable push notification to show up when you app is running:

Reviewer 3: nit: `will enable push notifications to show up when your app is running`

Just pluralizing "notification" and changing "you" for "your"

Author: Will update to:
```suggestion
The code below will enable push notifications to show up when you app is running:
```

```swift

    func userNotificationCenter(_ center: UNUserNotificationCenter,
                                  willPresent notification: UNNotification,
                                  withCompletionHandler completionHandler: @escaping (UNNotificationPresentationOptions) -> Void) {

>       if #available(iOS 14.0, *) {

Reviewer 3: nice

Reviewer 2: Oh this is awesome!

        completionHandler([.list, .banner]);
      } else {

>         completionHandler([.alert]);

Reviewer: thoughts on:
```
    if #available(iOS 14.0, *) {
        options = [.list, .banner];
    } else {
        options = [.alert];
    }
    completionHandler(options);
```

Author: I think it needs a var right see below...

Reviewer: sorry yeah im bad with swift but mostly about moving the function invocation outside of the conditional

Author: Oh no worries just double checking myself. 😄

>       if #available(iOS 14.0, *) {
>         completionHandler([.list, .banner]);
>       } else {
>         completionHandler([.alert]);
>       }

Author: ```suggestion
      var options: [UNNotificationPresentationOptions] = []
      if #available(iOS 14.0, *) {
        completionHandler([.list, .banner]);
      } else {
        completionHandler([.alert]);
      }
```

    }
```

> If your user taps on the notification this will be tracked back to Klaviyo as open assuming you have implemented the tracking changes discussed above.

Reviewer 3: `as an open event`?

Author: ```suggestion
If your user taps on the notification this will be tracked back to Klaviyo as an "Opened Push" event assuming you have implemented the tracking changes discussed above.
```

Reviewer 3: Looks good!

## Authors

> Katy Keuper, Chris Conlon (chris.conlon@klaviyo.com), Noah Durell (noah.durell@klaviyo.com)

Reviewer: should we update these?

Author: Yah...felt weird removing people. Should I add more people or just take it out?

Reviewer 3: Maybe we keep if we want to be true to who contributed to this SDK but remove Chris' email address?

Author: I can update it!

Author: I think I'm gonna take it out and we make a better looking thing later.

> ## Authors
> 
> Katy Keuper, Chris Conlon (chris.conlon@klaviyo.com), Noah Durell (noah.durell@klaviyo.com)

Author: ```suggestion
```

Author: @jordan-griffin you cool with this? I'll file a ticket to add a contributors table.

Reviewer 3: Yup this is fine too!
